README.md, before:

# Wiremock groovy

## What it is

I love [WireMock](https://github.com/tomakehurst/wiremock) and use it extensively in integration tests. I also love how [Spock](https://github.com/spockframework/spock) allows to write very readable and clean tests.
This project aims to create more suitable groovy API, that will allow more concise stubbing and verifying syntax in integration tests written in groovy/spock using WireMock, without using WireMock's default static imports API.

## What it does

Currently there is only extremely thin wrapper for Wire Mock REST API, that is exposed as json builder.
Only stubbing is currently supported. Verification incoming.

Example syntax that can be currently achieved:

```groovy
@Rule
WireMockRule wireMockRule = new WireMockRule()

def wireMockStub = new WireMockStub()

def "some integration test that tests feature using external REST resource" () {
    given:
    wireMockStub.stub {
        request {
            method "GET"
            url "/some/thing"
        }
        response {
            status 200
            body "Some body"
            headers {
                "Content-Type" "text/plain"
            }
        }
    }
    ...
}
```

Project is in very early stage, pull requests and ideas in form of feature requests are welcome.

## Licence
Apache Licence v2.0 (see LICENCE.txt)

Commit message:

Added section about building to readme

README.md, after:

# Wiremock groovy

## What it is

I love [WireMock](https://github.com/tomakehurst/wiremock) and use it extensively in integration tests. I also love how [Spock](https://github.com/spockframework/spock) allows to write very readable and clean tests.
This project aims to create more suitable groovy API, that will allow more concise stubbing and verifying syntax in integration tests written in groovy/spock using WireMock, without using WireMock's default static imports API.

## What it does

Currently there is only extremely thin wrapper for Wire Mock REST API, that is exposed as raw json builder.
Only stubbing is currently supported. Verification incoming.

Example syntax that can be currently achieved:

```groovy
@Rule
WireMockRule wireMockRule = new WireMockRule()

def wireMockStub = new WireMockStub()

def "some integration test that tests feature using external REST resource" () {
    given:
    wireMockStub.stub {
        request {
            method "GET"
            url "/some/thing"
        }
        response {
            status 200
            body "Some body"
            headers {
                "Content-Type" "text/plain"
            }
        }
    }
    ...
}
```

Project is in very early stage, pull requests and ideas in form of feature requests are welcome.

## Building

* Clone the repository
* Run `./gradlew clean build` (on Linux/Mac) or `gradlew.bat build` (on Windows)

## Licence

Apache Licence v2.0 (see LICENCE.txt)
